started to grain and rhythm tell me how
I'm going to press the shoulder in the opposing half with which one
determination manor bar dribble pedestrians sweets then there is immediately the
verticalization by the grotteria the opening on the right ball
put in the middle
and bracaletti continues to believe it and map even try a corner almost
impossible to bring the advantage but look at the chorus
of the magnani bergamini movement
names of team players
opa and then we see that it was however I put it by conclusion I am however in
four races therefore it means that it is the pink house that attacks in a watchful manner
only
hotel what you do however social time after dinner on the stone so
with gesture that made him lose overall weight he pretended to enter
went on the massacres roberto yield average
new norm house however they took they captured but did crazy
a high pressing this and this yes no te simone then
with the participation of tvd I believe that only physical love is you
perfect this is one of the movements he tried to
d that
put these long but serene balls in the serene actor and the two central ones
of the shoulder
they have always checked, even if the ball is rejected on this one
arrived support I do not feel before
hey check with the service that epilator ball on man
I mean it's not like this is the back of this goal
review this image according to you anderson pamela kicking in the goal
I have to try it
allows you to make a nuclear power plant
category we see beyond the foot cleaning then the technical gesture have
won the technical of the evening a cross to return 6 poker rules
because I have to take breaks during the course
and we see ugly the recovery bar of the house badly hurt the conclusion
technical gesture commented by maurizio oviglia minister
and company 3 a good technical gesture
should it be he puts it in the door
even better, though, I'm looking
and shooting magnani speak of the sediments this midfielder who arrives
from a life and in c2
how are you experiments are we are there is this twenty-first
shirt punishment
here we already had our hands in heaven because we realized that
the ball would end you and me as soon as the cross started in xiv
re sole of the torres that is shifted to the right after entering the field of
white the de nittis exit
hour later where in prague
maybe that's what you mean this is an incredible mistake
good goalkeeper
prospectus people
luca thirty but if resp if he insists for the outside
if the race continues they are technotalia fountain don't seriously open fabi perhaps
also called municipal gym confirmed the last thing I would like to do
that's what he did because you're sure that prefix is ​​d
if all goes well we are at the limit even difficult it seemed cantabruzzo there is one
light a scrum and therefore more men
he just got it wrong
the perception of the trajectory
here it is located little ball out of here has done a little
find the defensive line of the bride unprepared
via there I was nothing if not active
yes I actually gave him a little too much space the control panel did not come out
so the story comes because you want to make a devout color bastard
and still made the mother rear does that night that the camber has restarted
beautiful paola
letter bracaletti great conclusion and here we redeem work. of the
prairie,
managed in this way an infinity of balloon then to this great technique but
also this great game vision
the gaucho
we review
all very nice including the shovel kodia prague pension and you shiver miss 5
minute to the ninetieth this punishment of arnolfini
maybe guide wolves rise starting the balloon capecchi
let's see again
the left of ruffini the former
track suit of the Reggio Emilia area
anyway the snai status was placed
there was volleyball support as a very violent bike 15
with that of course the race
the lisp aldini fans were more justified than ever in the group
they arrived fine
about 500 yep and then there were also sportsmen present
enea tribune checks and the formation of autocity then to celebrate